[C#] Implement new Concept Exercise: nullability (#992)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/nullability/.docs/introduction.md

> Sometimes, we need to indicate that a variable has no value.  In C#,
> we use the `null` literal to denote the absence of a value.  A
> *nullable* type is a type that allows `null` values.  The operator `?`
> can be added as a suffix to a type to make it nullable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In C#, the `null` literal is used to denote the absense of a value. 
A *nullable* type is a type that allows `null` values.  Adding the 
`?` suffix to a variable's type makes it nullable.
```

> In the following example, we declare a regular, non-nullable variable
> `a` of type `int` and a nullable variable `b` of type `int?` whose
> value is `5`:
> 
> ```csharp
> int a = 4;
> int? b = 5;
> ```
> 
> `a` must contain an integer value, while `b` can also be set to
> `null`:
> 
> ```csharp
> a = null; // Compile error as a is not nullable
> a = 5;    // Valid
> 
> b = null; // Valid
> b = 6;    // Valid
> ```

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this quite a bit by using comments:

```suggestion
```csharp
int? nullable = 5;
nullable = null;

int nonNullable = 5;

// Would result in compile error as type is not nullable
// nonNullable = null;
```

> A common mistake is trying to call a method or set/get a property on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common mistake is to access a member (e.g. a method or property) on a nullable
```

variable whose value is `null`.  This will cause the C# runtime

> to raise an exception called `NullReferenceException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to raise a `NullReferenceException`.
```

> The C# compiler can help us avoiding such errors. If we try to

Reviewer: Having read this document again, I think it would be good to at this point introduce the difference between value and reference types: their nullability defaults. We can mention that in C# 8, the default can be changed (opt-in). Could you rewrite the following section a bit? I could also do that if you'd prefer that.

Author: I am not going to introduce the difference between reference and value types here right? 
Just the nullability defaults.

Author: Just pushed something

Reviewer: > I am not going to introduce the difference between reference and value types here right?

Correct! This exercise can take a dependency on the `memory-allocation` and thus assume that the student knows about value and reference types.

Author: Ok, I will add the dependency

> In C# and in many other languages, the `null` literal denotes the abscence of a value.

Reviewer: Could you also introduce the `NullReferenceException` somewhere in this file, as well as the various null-related operators?

A *nullable* type is a type that allow `null` values.

> There are two main families of types in C#: *reference* and *value*

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this is where we introduce this different, or if we introduce this in the exercise that introduces variables. I'm not sure which is more appropriate.

@exercism/csharp what do you think?

Author: maybe the concept should be introduced somewhere else, for instance, on an exercise about value/reference parameter passing?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should probably introduce the concept elsewhere. So for now you can assume that the student will know what reference and value types are.

types. A variable of a *value* type, contains a direct value in
memory, while a *reference* typed variable contains a *pointer* to a
value.

> A variable has a *nullable* type if it can contain no value. *Reference* types are nullable by default. 

Reviewer: > *Reference* types are nullable by default.

I think we should be explaining how C# 8 is changing this.

Author: What if we do it the other way around: as the feature is enabled on the csproj level, we could leave this detail and the difference between reference/value types to the `after.md` file.

Author: Just pushed a new version with a proposal for that... maybe the concept should be introduced somewhere else, for instance, on an exercise about value/reference parameter passing?

Reviewer: >  we could leave this detail and the difference between reference/value types to the after.md file.

I like this. I would like to include it here, but the `after.md` file is perfect for that.

> *Value* types can be made nullable by means of the operator *?*.

Reviewer: In #986 we're changing the rules a bit on `introduction.md`, and now we expect `introduction.md` documents to add code samples for any new syntax that is introduced. Here we could show how to define a nullable value/reference type.

> In this exercise, we'll learn how to declare and detect `null` variables. 

Reviewer: This text is more suitable for the `instructions.md` document. The `introduction.md` document should only give the student a concise introduction to the Concept.

Sometimes, we need to indicate that a variable has no value.  In C#,
we can use the `null` literal to denote the absence of a value.  A
*nullable* type is a type that allows `null` values.  The operator `?`
can be added as a suffix to a type to make it nullable.

In the following example, we declare a regular, non-nullable variable
`a` of type `int` and a nullable variable `b` of type `int?` whose
value is `5`:

```csharp
int a = 4;
int? b = 5;
```

`a` must contain an integer value, while `b` can also be set to
`null`:

```csharp

> a = null; // Compile error as a is not nullable
> b = null; // Valid
> b = 6;    // Valid

Reviewer: For symmetry purposes:

```suggestion
a = null; // Compile error as a is not nullable
a = 5;    // Valid

b = null; // Valid
b = 6;    // Valid
```

Sometimes, we need to indicate that a variable has no value.  In C#,
we can use the `null` literal to denote the absence of a value.  A
*nullable* type is a type that allows `null` values.  The operator `?`
can be added as a suffix to a type to make it nullable.

In the following example, we declare a regular, non-nullable variable
`a` of type `int` and a nullable variable `b` of type `int?` whose
value is `5`:

```csharp
int a = 4;
int? b = 5;
```

`a` must contain an integer value, while `b` can also be set to
`null`:

```csharp
a = null; // Compile error as a is not nullable
a = 5;    // Valid

b = null; // Valid
b = 6;    // Valid
```

> A common mistake is trying to call a method on variable that has been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common mistake is trying to call a method on a variable that has been
```

> set to `null`.  What happens is that the C# runtime raises an
> exception called `NullReferenceException` in this situation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set to `null`.  This will cause the C# runtime to raise an
exception called `NullReferenceException`.
```

If you try to compile the following code:

```csharp
string? userName = ...;

...

Console.WriteLine(userName.Length);
```

The compiler will give the following warning message:

```
Dereference of a possibly null reference. (CS8602)
```

A good practice is testing if a nullable value is not `null` before
trying to do something with it. There are some cases however, where we
know for sure that, given the context, a variable cannot be `null`.

In order to dismiss the warning, we can use the operator `!`:

```csharp
Console.WriteLine(userName!.Length);
```

Finally, sometimes, we are want to provide a default value to a
variable, in case it is `null`. You can use a `if` or a `?:` operator
to do that. However, as you can imagine, this can become cumbersome
the more nullable variables you have on your code.  

> The `??` operator is a simple shortcut to that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `??` operator is a simple shortcut for that:
```

> Up to now, we saw how to declare variables and how to assign them to

Reviewer: There is still quite some text in the introduction. Could you perhaps see if you can make things a bit more concise? If you'd like, I can totally help with that.

values.  For example, the following code snippet declares a variable
`a` of type `int` whose value is `5`:

```
int a = 5;
```

> 

Reviewer: We can assume that the student knows how to declare variables, so we can leave this out.

```suggestion
```

> Sometimes, we need to indicate that a variable has no specific value.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, we need to indicate that a variable has no value.
```

In C#, we can use the `null` literal to denote the abscence of a

> value.  A *nullable* type is a type that allow `null` values.  The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value.  A *nullable* type is a type that allows `null` values.  The
```

> operator `?` can be used to indicate that a type is nullable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operator `?` can be added as a suffix to a type to make it nullable.
```

> In the following example, we declare a variable `b` of type `int?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we declare a regular, non-nullable variable `a` of type `int` and a nullable variable `b` of type `int?`
```

whose value is `5`:

```csharp

> int? b = 5;

Reviewer: Maybe you can declare the nullable and non-nullable variable here at the same time?

```suggestion
int a = 4;
int? b = 5;
```

```

> `b` is nullable while `a` is not. That means that `a` should always

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`b` is nullable while `a` is not. That means that `a` must
```

> contain an integer value, while `b` can be emptied:

Reviewer: I'm not sure "emptied" is the correct term. It sounds like an empty string is also emptied, which is not `null`. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
contain an integer value, while `b` can also be set to `null`:
```

```charp

> a = null; // invalid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a = null; // Compile error as a is not nullable
```

> b = null; // valid!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b = null; // Valid
b = 6;    // Valid
```

```

> Null values are a convenience, but it comes with a price. A common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Null values are a convenience, but come with a price. A common
```

> error is trying to manipulate `null` as they were actual values.  For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
error is trying to call a member on variable that has been set to `null`.   For
```

example, what if someone tries to print the length of a variable
containing an empty user name like that:

```csharp
string? userName = null;

Console.WriteLine(userName.Length);
```

What happens is that the C# runtime raises an exception called
`NullReferenceException` in this situation.

The C# compiler also tries to help us, if you try to compile this
code, you will see the following warning message:

```
Dereference of a possibly null reference. (CS8602)
```

> A good practice, is testing if a variable is empty before trying to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good practice is testing if a nullable value is not `null` before trying to do
```

In C#, the `null` literal is used to denote the absense of a value. 
A *nullable* type is a type that allows `null` values.  Adding the 
`?` suffix to a variable's type makes it nullable.

```csharp
int? nullable = 5;
nullable = null;

int nonNullable = 5;

// Would result in compile error as type is not nullable

> // nonNullable = null;

Reviewer: The closing triple backticks are missing (I can't suggest them through the GH UI).

Author: hmm I remember I re-added them at some moment... I will check it again

Author: they are just there :point_down: L16
